Welcome to a first not actual real lecture of the course we're just going to talk real quickly about
what we cover and what you should expect to get out of the course.
We're going to start off with a lemonade stand business just to get your feet wet a little bit.
And then in the next section we're going to talk about what are the things you need to know before you
start modeling as well let's go over some best practices that are going to help you with your modeling
after that.
Then we have a section where we work on modeling out your user growth and then followed by that we talk
about revenue growth in general.
How do you model revenue after that.
Then we wrap up by covering things like startup costs and just general business expenses.
And then after that we have seven different case anything at seven different case studies.
Each one we focus on an individual business model.
So we're going to cover things like coworking spaces.
That was one that those interesting we're in a cover online sace businesses.
We're going to cover restaurants and won one of them also covers my old education software startup called
scholar pro that was in about five years ago.
We also have a case study where you have a mobile app that you can book co-working spaces.
We call that one fancy bread.
We also have one where it's a golf course but it's got an interesting tech twist.
We also have a case study on a programming boot camp that is similar to the General Assembly.
They call it standard assembly because they're funny things that keep in mind about this course and
it kind of set your expectations.
We start off very simply.
We're going to start off by modeling a lemonade stand because it's so ubiquitous.
Everyone knows about that business but we're going to actually take it from the ground up and actually
get somewhat complicated with it.
Then later on as you get towards the end of the course we get into more complicated concepts and then
we'll end in the case studies where we get really specific into actual business models that might only
apply to one of your businesses and not all of yours.
And keep in mind that when you're doing the exercises there are two files for those lectures are the
exercise files and there are the reference files the exercise files have a lot of blank cells for you
to do your practice.
Then you get stuck.
You can check it against the reference files that have the solutions.
Now if you have a financial modeling background or you're very comfortable working with spreadsheets
some of the stuff may feel like a refresher for you so feel free to skip around and jump to the more
advanced stuff later in the course.
OK guys without further ado we will see you in the next lecture Sonia
because I want to read to
that.
We also have a case study on a brick and mortar business that involves putting a golf simulator with
a restaurant.
Dun dun dun.